c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\bin\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.exe.config
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\bin\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.exe
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\bin\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.pdb
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmQuanLySanPham.resources
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.exe
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.pdb
c:\users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmLoai.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmCTHDN.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmDangNhap.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmHoaDonNhap.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmKho.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmKhuyenMai.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmMau.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmNhaCungCap.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmSize.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmCTDH.resources
C:\Users\huy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AdminQuanLyShop\AdminQuanLyShop\obj\Debug\AdminQuanLyShop.FrmDoiThongTinNhanVien.resources
